In this section, you will secure your API using basic authentication.
Basic authentication involves the user sending over their username and password everything they need
to invoke an operation.
Now this method of authentication is not safe, it's not recommended and should rarely ever be used
in real life.
But we will start by implementing basic auth because as the name implies, it's basic and it will allow
us to get familiar with spring security as well as filter chains.
And due to popular demand in Workbook 10.1, you will connect your grade submission API to a database
that's managed by my SQL.
And finally, we will implement the recommended and the popular token based authentication where the
client will authenticate using a JWT token.
Authenticating using a JWT token is much more secure because the payload doesn't contain any sensitive
data and its digital signature is encoded in such a way that is almost impossible to decode.
The section is very exciting and I cannot wait to share it with you.